Create rule S6342: Allowing themes and plugins to be managed in WordPress admin area is security-sensitive (#238)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6342/php/rule.adoc

WordPress makes it possible to install and update themes and plugins in the Administration Screens.
This is a convenient feature but it's also risky.

> If an attacker manages to get access to WordPress admin, this person can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an attacker manages to get access to the WordPress administrative area, this person can 
```

then take advantage of the theme/plugin management feature to upload PHP code on the server
and to execute that code.
Defining the `DISALLOW_FILE_MODS` option to `true` in `wp-config.php` disables this risky feature.
The default value is `false`.

== Ask Yourself Whether

> * You really need to manage themes and plugins inside WordPress Administration Screens.

Reviewer: This sentence does not fit the `There is a risk if you answered yes to any of those questions` statement. If you really need to manage themes and plugins inside WordPress that does not mean you are at risk.

* Theme or plugin management features are available to users who cannot be fully trusted.
* There's a chance that the accounts of authorized users get compromised.

There is a risk if you answered yes to any of those questions.

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

* Manage themes and plugins without WordPress Administration Screens. Using wp-cli is a possible option. 
* Make sure that `DISALLOW_FILE_MODS` is defined in `wp-config.php`.
* Make sure that `DISALLOW_FILE_MODS` is set to `true`.

== Sensitive Code Example

----
define( 'DISALLOW_FILE_MODS', false ); // Sensitive
----

== Compliant Solution

----
define( 'DISALLOW_FILE_MODS', true );

> ----

Reviewer: I would recommend to add a `see` section:

```
== See

* https://wordpress.org/support/article/editing-wp-config-php/#disable-plugin-and-theme-update-and-installation[Editing wp-config.php] - Disable Plugin and Theme Update and Installation
* https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/2017/A1_2017-Injection[OWASP Top 10 2017 Category A1] - Injection
* https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/2017/A6_2017-Security_Misconfiguration.html[OWASP Top 10 2017 Category A6] - Security Misconfiguration
* https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/2017/A7_2017-Cross-Site_Scripting_(XSS)[OWASP Top 10 2017 Category A7] - Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)
* https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/79[MITRE, CWE-79] - Improper Neutralization of Input During Web Page Generation ('Cross-site Scripting')
* https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/94[MITRE, CWE-94] - Improper Control of Generation of Code ('Code Injection')
* https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/95[MITRE, CWE-95] - Improper Neutralization of Directives in Dynamically Evaluated Code ('Eval Injection')
```
